Report on "Unimodular covers of 3-dimensional parallelepipeds and Cayley sums"

Summary: The manuscript under review discusses the existence of a unimodular cover of lattice 3-polytopes whose IDP was already known. 
The main results of the manuscript are the following: 
1. Every lattice parallelepiped of dimension 3 has a unimodular cover (Theorem 1.2). 
As an immediate corollary of this theorem, we can see that every centrally symmetric smooth 3-polytope has a unimodular cover (Corollary 1.3) by using an observation in [1]. 
2. The Cayley sum of a lattice polygon and its weak Minkowski summand has a unimodular cover (Theorem 1.6). 
As an immediate corollary of this theorem, we can see that every 3-dimensional smooth lattice prismatoid has a unimodular cover. 

Impression: 
The hierarchy of several properties on lattice polytopes has been studied in many papers, e.g., 
unimodular triangulation => unimodular covering => IDP => very ample. 
Since the converse of each of those implications is not true in general, the improvement of the known property (e.g. IDPness of centrally symmetric smooth 3-polytopes) has a certain meaning. 
However, at least for the referee, the results themselves are not so surprising since the referee always feels like there is almost no difference between unimodular covers and IDP for lattice 3-polytopes. 
Moreover, the proofs strongly rely on White's classification of empty 3-simplex, so it looks quite difficult to generalize the method here to higher dimensional cases. 
On the other hand, the main idea of the proofs "parallelepiped circumscribed to empty tetrahedron" is quite nice. A little weaker property is also mentioned in Question 2.7. 
In referee's opinion, at least in dimension 3 case, not only Oda's conjecture is true but also existence of a unimodular cover also holds. 
So the manuscript potentially suggests an effective method for the solution of Oda's conjecture in 3-dimensional case. 

Conclusion: 
By the reasons above, the referee recommends (but not strongly) the publication for "Combinatorial Theory". 
Even if accepted, the comments below should be considered. 

Revisions: 
1. P1, l-1: "is it" should  be "it is", and "ever" should be "every"
2. P3, Definition 2.1: It's better to write {1,2,3,4} instead of [4], which looks a reference. 
3. P3, l-7: I think conv(p_1,p_2,q_3) should be contained in T_3, and conv(p_1,p_2,q_4) should be contained in T_4. 
4. P3, Proof of Lemma 2.2: "," should be added inside of the convex hull, e.g., not conv(p1p2q3) but conv(p1,p2,q3). 
5. P4, Eq. (2): f(q2)=f(q1)+f(p1)-f(p2)?
6. P5, just before Question 2.7: "... henceConjecture ..." must be fixed. 
7. P6, Lemma 3.2: Give a definition of unimodularity of the parallelogram. Moreover, make sure whether P and Q sit in R^2 or just in the same ambient space. 
8. Lemma 3.2 is a crucial part of the proof of Theorem 1.6, but the proof looks very complicated. I suggest to supply a concrete example for readers' help. 
For example, can you give a lattice point stated in Lemma 3.2 for some P and Q? 
9. P6, l-7: The sentence starting from "Observe that ... " looks weird. 
For example, "of" in ".... that of the segments ..." looks redundant, and "... the segments [u,q_i] crosses" should be "cross". 
The most important mistake is that Figure 3 shows that [u,q_1] does NOT cross conv(p_1,p_2,q_2). Modify this part. 
10. P8, second paragraph: I couldn't follow why we can assume p_1 is a unique lattice point in the strip by translation. 
Since this looks the very starting point of the proof, I suggest the authors to try to clarify more. 
11. I found many other places which should be fixed (e.g. miss spelling, grammatical error, bad notation, and so on). 
The authors should do more careful proof-reading.