Response to referee X


1-7: agreed and corrected.

8: we agree that the proof of Lemma 3. is complicated. This is why we put it in its own section 4, and in section 3 use Lemma 3.2 as a black-box to proof The 1.6. We are not sure what kind of example ae could/should put.

9: agreed and corrected.

10: we have rephrased in a hopefully clearer way.

11: we have hopefully solved this too. In particular, the proofs of Claims 4.2, 4.3 and of the conclusion after 4.4, have been edited quite a bit.


Response to referee Y

We have carefully gone through all the (very helpful and detailed) suggestions of referee Y and we have implemented almost all of them. Below is a response to the key points:

1: agreed & changed
2: added definition of Minkowski sum where it is first used (in the definition of IDP-ness).
3-9: agreed & changed
10: here the referee seems not to notice that the points q_i are not necessarily lattice points. We have added a line to this effect.
11-15: agreed & changed
16: this would be another way to go, but we have decided to keep the original formulation
17-23: agreed & changed
24: added a line in the explanation above lemma 3.2 explaining that the prod-simplices we are interested in are sums of segments, ie. parallelograms
25-30: agreed & changed
31: in the text we never make the assumption that the segments p and q are vertical and horizontal. We just draw them that way and use the letters $V$ and $H$ for the half-planes that they define for convenience. And, anyway, p and q can be made vertical and horizontal via a linear transformation (which of course changes the lattice, but is not a problem here). We have added a sentence to this affect before Figure 3.2, which already shows $p$ and $q$ as vertical and horizontal.
32-38: agreed & changed
39: see our comment to 31. What may actually be misleading is that in some of our pictures the lattice still looks orthogonal (that is, having a square fundamental domain), but that fact is never used in the proofs, which are totally "affine".
40: thank you! There was a sign mistake, with a "-1" instead of "+1" in the equation of g the inequalities are now correct.
41: agreed & changed
42-43: the conclusion of the proof of lemma 3.2 has been edited for clarity and to correct the mistake from comment 40. 